Document the support policy for minimum required GMT versions (#3070)
GenericMappingTools/pygmt: README.md

## Minimum supported versions

PyGMT has adopted [SPEC 0](https://scientific-python.org/specs/spec-0000/) alongside the
rest of the Scientific Python ecosystem, and therefore:

- Support for Python versions be dropped 3 years after their initial release.
- Support for core package dependencies (NumPy/Pandas/Xarray) be opped 2 years after
  their initial release.

> Similarly, the PyGMT team has decided to support for GMT versions be dropped 3 years
> after their initial release.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Similarly, the PyGMT team has decided to discontinue support for GMT versions 3 years
after their initial release.
```
Would suggest some rewording.
